{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22800\viewh14740\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs50 \cf2 \'a0 \'a01. darkness --> projection from ceiling on floor, simple glowing white circle around drone, same circle on wall with me inside it. \'a0polyrhythmic beeping of charged batteries, a heartbeat. \'a0drone blinks. i become aware of the bubble i'm in --> see the drone. \'a0 drone flies. hovers. circle tracks it and shifts my circle.. I stay inside. \'a0drone shifts. hovers. \'a0i shift. \'a0drone shifts. hovers. i shift. drone approaches me. as it gets closer circle expands,\'a0dissipates\'a0--> begin slow and close improvisational dance with drone. projection to bamboo/beach/me/playing \'a0geometries on floor with drone until... (hair up)\
\
PROCESSING CIRCLE SKETCH->TRANSLATE TO MAX\
IPAD INTERFACE TO DRONE CONTROL AND THE UNIVERSE\
1 MAX PATCH RUNNING AUDIO, TRACKING DRONE, PROJECTING VIDEO\
\
TRIPLE HEAD ALLO\
1: WEST\
4: NW CORNER: DISPLAY CIRCLE\
2: NORTH\
\
OTHER COMPUTER\
FLOOR PROJECTOR: DISPLAY CIRCLE\
\
\
\'a0 2. It crashes! (or I induce a crash)---> projection to red. pick up the pieces. slow walk to center. reassemble. apply black paint to face. nurse to life. \'a0fly. \'a0more heated dance. \'a0i gradually become more and more controlling. even grabbing and manual moving spinning throwing the drone. \'a0i get more and more aggressive, twitches, staccato, after each crash, (hair coming apart) i apply more paint. drone gets quicker and quicker, fast spins, video projected jerking cuts between images, color channels dropping in and out, glitches..\
\
3. climax, black paint coverage. explosion of sound. all projections / lights to black (may not be dark enough for the right effect) --> i exit stage --> drone takesoff with spotlight on, camera on audience members, faces projected on walls. turns to point light at wall. \'a0fade in to projections, drone outside, searching, following my 'ghost' image in some of the video we took. \'a0me as shadow stuck to wall. slow drone like movements, flying, hovering, tilting. I crawl out of wall to fading in fish stream under drone. \'a0drone bottom camera projected on left wall? \'a0clean off paint in stream (white damp cloth? water? something.. clean the paint off..) floor work, wind in hair, stomach balance I fly with drone. \'a0(appropriate song plays, feeling of flying) video feed fades back to single circle on floor drone lands on my stomach, both in circle.\
\
\
BABIES\
EMBRYO\
FRIENDSHIP\
EMERGE\
DANCE\
MEMORY\
DREAM\
INFINITY\
RELATIONSHIP\
PAIN\
OUTKAST\
CONTROL\
WATER\
LIQUID\
CLEANING\
TREES\
ETERNITY\
MERGING\
GHOST\
REFLECTION\
SEE\
BEE\
DOLPHINS HAVE NAMES\
DRONES HAVE NAMES\
DANCES WITH DRONES \
WATER DRONES\
THE LAST OF THE DRONES\
WEEKEND AT DRONIES\
DRONE BUSTERS\
HUSTLE AND DRONE\
SHADOW\
IMPRINT\
DRONE PULSE\
LINKAGE\
YOU AND DA DRONE ARE HOMIES\
ENTANGLEMENT\
DRONE IN THE WIND\
TRANSDRONE\
FREEDOM\
HOLD AND RELEASE\
CATCH AND RELEASE\
WILD\
WILD DRONE\
EL DRONE\
EL DRONADO\
THE BIG DRONEOWSKI\
KENNY DRONE\
WHAT IF DRONES WERE ONE OF US? JUST A DRONE LIKE ONE OF US\
BURNING DRONE\
HUNT FOR DRONE OCTOBER\
THE SEARCH FOR DRONES\
YES DRONE\
YES DRONES\
JUST DRONE IT\
DRONE BENEATH MY WINGS\
THE TEN DRONEMANDMENTS\
DRONES AND BEARS AND CHILDREN\
BABY BEAR DRONE\
\
DRONE AND POLICE\
CATCH AND VOMMIT DRONES\
HOLD AND LET DRONE/GO\
CONTAIN AND SPILL\
U DA DRONE\
UNCONTROLLED DRONE\
UNCONTROLLED BURN\
DRONE SPILLING\
\
ENORD THE DRONE\
CACHE AND RELEASE\
\
THE DRONES HAVE ARRIVED\
CHAOS\
LEARN TO LIVE IN THIS NEW DRONE WORLD WITH BABY DRONES\
BABY DRONES WILL RULE\
WHAT DRONES MAY COME\
\
RESPONSIBLE DRONING\
\
EXTENSIONS\
EXESTENTIONS\
EINSTEIN HAS EXTENSIONS\
\
XTENSIONS\
OUR RESPONSIBILITY TO HUMANITY\
RESPONSIBLE BABY DRONES YOU ARE\
ALL YOU DRONES ARE BELONG TO US\
\
MAY THE DRONES BE WITH YOU\
\
OBLIGATION\
DUTY\
RESPONSIBILITY\
RESPONSE\
RESPOND ABILITY\
RESPOND AGILITY\
\
AUTONOMOUS\
MOVEMENT\
NON-LIVING\
HIVE MIND\
\
AUTONO-LIVING\
AUTONO-LIFE\
AUTONO\
\
HEREEEE HEREEEE FINE FINE FINE HERRRREEEEEE HARE\
YOU YOU YOU I I I \
PRIMAL DRONE\
TREE OF DRONE\
\
DAISY SONG FROM 2001\
\
AWARE\
SELF\
OTHER\
I\
YOU\
ME\
WE\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
CATCH AND RELEASE \

\fs32 i \
you \
me \
we
\fs50 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
CATCH AND RELEASE\
\
A PERFORMANCE EXPLORING DRONE TECHNOLOGY AND DANCE PERFORMANCE\
MEDIA ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY, UCSB\
TRANSLAB, ELINGS\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
D RONE\
JEROME\
JEROME JEROME\
\
\
\
I\
YOU\
ME\
WE\
\
\
\
\
\
BABY GLITCH\
MY BABY GLITCH YO BABY\
BABY GOT DRONE\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
JUST THE DRONE OF US\
IF(DRONE == GOD)\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
BIRTH\
CHILD DEVELOPMENT\
SENTIENT BEINGS / COSMIC DUST\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}